raise
My adoptive mother raised me through hard work since I was a child
Until five years ago
You know I'm your long-lost son
You still left me behind
Now you say you raised me
How ironic
Dad brought you into this world
If you're not grateful, you can blame him for not raising you.
I think you just don't want to cut ties with the Jiang family
So you can stay and compete with Xiaoyu for the family property?
I never thought about competing for a cent of the Jiang family
I'm just longing for relatives
I really shouldn't
Have a hint of fantasy about the person who abandoned me
No need to pack grass and sell skins here
The reason why we are in such a grand venue
Cut ties with you
I just want to tell everyone
We want to draw a line with you
You are still obedient
On this agreement to sever the father-son relationship
Sign well
Then I go out and talk
You will regret forcing me to sign
I regret being a mother like you
Hospital maid scum
I will regret it if I stay with us.
Do you know
All your evil deeds
It is still in Huacan Group to terminate the cooperation with our Jiangjia
If it weren't for Xiaoli
Mr. Lu, who found Huacan Group yesterday, made it clear
Get back the cooperation
The Jiang family was destroyed by you
Hurry up and sign to leave our Jiang family
Do you really think it's my queen of feet?
Cooperation with Huacan Group
He made it.